React Router docs (#14258)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/react-router/react-router-v6.mdx

  </StrictMode>,
);
```

This will initialize PostHog and pass it to your app through the `PostHogProvider` context.

</Step>

<Step checkpoint title="Verify client-side events are captured" subtitle="Confirm that you can capture client-side events and see them in your PostHog project">

<StepVerifyClientEvents />

</Step>

<Step title="Access PostHog methods" badge="required">

<StepAccessPostHogMethods />

</Step>

<Step title="Identify your user" badge="recommended">

<StepIdentifyUser />

</Step>

<Step title="Create an error boundary" badge="recommended">

PostHog can capture exceptions thrown in your app through an error boundary. PostHog provides a `PostHogErrorBoundary` component that you can use to capture exceptions. You can wrap your app with this component to capture exceptions.

```tsx
ReactDOM.createRoot(root).render(
  <StrictMode>
    <PostHogProvider client={posthog}>
    <PostHogErrorBoundary> // +
    <BrowserRouter>
      <Routes>
        <Route path="/" element={<Root />}>
          {/* ... Your routes ... */}
        </Route>
      </Routes>
    </BrowserRouter>
    </PostHogErrorBoundary> // +
    </PostHogProvider>
  </StrictMode>,
);
```

> This will automatically capture exceptions thrown in your React Router app using the `posthog.captureException()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This automatically captures exceptions thrown in your React Router app using the `posthog.captureException()` method.
```

</Step>

<Step title="Set up server-side analytics" badge="recommended">

Now that you've set up PostHog for React Router V7 in declarative mode, you can continue to set up server-side analytics. You can find our other SDKs in the [SDKs page](/docs/libraries).

To help PostHog track your user sessions across the client and server, you'll need to add the `__add_tracing_headers: ['your-backend-domain1.com', 'your-backend-domain2.com', ...]` option to your PostHog initialization:

```tsx
posthog.init(import.meta.env.VITE_PUBLIC_POSTHOG_KEY, {
  api_host: import.meta.env.VITE_PUBLIC_POSTHOG_HOST,
  defaults: '2025-11-30',
  __add_tracing_headers: [ window.location.host, 'localhost' ], // +
});
```

> This will add the `X-POSTHOG-DISTINCT-ID` and `X-POSTHOG-SESSION-ID` headers to your requests, which you can later use on the server-side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adds the `X-POSTHOG-DISTINCT-ID` and `X-POSTHOG-SESSION-ID` headers to your requests, which you can later use on the server-side.
```

</Step>

<Step title="Next steps" badge="recommended">

<StepNextSteps />

</Step>
</Steps>

---

> ## Additional usage

Reviewer 2: these sections don't seem to flow well with the stepped sections above. they feel like they are tacked on/an afterthought
